why over time when they saw your game
called coggan empire which is almost a
clash of clans it's actually an awesome
game but with a lot of bleachers and it
can't be ignored and the developer has
done a really great work so I'll just
start it now
became requires an online connection so
and it's available on please do I'll
post a link in the description
it usually loads quite fast but I don't
know what happened this time
the game is way low for three gone place
tool which is quite awesome to finally
as you can actually see in the game the
graphics are almost like classic plants
I think so I was attacked by someone I
just dick yeah I lost him
oh you can also see that we can watch
that he play off the attack like it's in
clash of clans please don't criticize my
my I'm not talk about this game he wants
the the things in the game are almost
also him you can hear you can see the
Warriors I can green to quite similar do
I'll just
we have the town center which can be
upgraded and we also have a hero it's s
given I'm starting and can be upgraded
and he also has a few skills
ok now I'll show you the replay of the
battle that I lost as you can see we can
easily see the replay some time it's it
gets really glitchy though like the
cannons start disappearing or the game
freezes but their replay continues it's
fine it keeps on getting updated
regularly so it keeps on fixing - we
also get a dragon from the beginning
which is actually quite cool
so I just want you to game on the place
job
you're going into a shop storage for
Dragon Empire and it's available in all
countries and you sign it for free so
that's it you can download the game from
here on out suppose the link in the
description thanks for watching everyone
and please like and subscribe